Note on the Rubric 
------------------
Professor Ferrari and Samuels conferred on all projects before assigning a final project grade to each one. Although some of the grading criteria may appear subjective to you, we were as objective as possible and assigned almost all the grades using checkpoints on the essential parts that we required for the project. 

The soft criterium we used is mostly concentrated on items #2 (Data Analysis) and #3 (Scope and Complexity). The final grade for those items resulted from Instructors' joint evaluation of all the projects as a whole. We are also recognizing in those rubrics team's effort and dedication. We consider a project more complex if it required different types of skills and used more diverse content we covered in during the quarter (e.g., if the team downloaded and used two ready-to-use data sets VS if the data was constructed using complex webscraping, data cleaning, record linkage, and everything was stored in a relational SQL database).

Please note that these grades are final! We will not make any grade adjusts unless it is due to an arithmetic error. 

As always with assignments, feel free to reach out if you do have any questions about improvement or clarification. Please respond via email if you do have any questions (not on piazza). With moving to remote learning for the spring, We will be busy preparing for the next quarter so we may not have a chance to respond right away. 

-------

Project Evaluation Points:
    - Completeness & Correctness (Project Requirements):
        Points Possible: 60
        Points Obtained: 52

    - Design:
        Points Possible: 25
        Points Obtained: 25

    - Coding Style:
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 15


Total Points: 92 / 100


Breakdown of Completeness & Correctness:       

  - Contains README and/or a pdf with textual information describing the project.
        Points Possible: 10
        Points Obtained: 7 

        ##Comment: There's no requirements.txt file to make it easy to install all the required pip packages for your project. However, requirements.txt is not required you were still required 
        to indicate in your readme which packages I need to install in order to get your project working. 
	
  - Fulfills requirement #1: Two Data Sources(Web or API and another source)
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 15

  - Fulfills requirement #2: Data analysis component
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 15


  - Fulfills requirement #3: Project Scope & Complexity
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 10 

    #Comment: Overall, I thought the project was good! However, it needed a bit more complexity to the overall software. It would have been nice to have some type of interactive component that would have put in the range of complexity with other groups or potentially adding another component somewhere in the software. 


  - Fulfills requirement #4: Visualization or Textual Component
        Points Possible: 5
        Points Obtained: 5



Comments: >

